doc: Updates the migration to advanced_cluster 2.0.0 doc (#3688)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/migrate-to-advanced-cluster-2.0.md

In this section you can find the configuration changes between the legacy `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` and the new one released in v2.0.0.

1. Below deprecated attributes have been removed:

>   - `id`

Author: this is needed otherwise the following numbered list restarts from 1. 

See https://registry.terraform.io/providers/lantoli/lantoli/0.1.54/docs/guides/migrate-to-advanced-cluster-2.0

If you currently use `mongodbatlas_cluster`, see our [Migration Guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide).

> If you currently use `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` with the preview of the new schema [released in versions 1.29.0](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/1.29.0/docs/resources/advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%25202.0.0%2529) **and not using deprecated attributes**, you would not be required to make any additional changes except that the `MONGODB_ATLAS_PREVIEW_PROVIDER_V2_ADVANCED_CLUSTER=true` environment variable is no longer required.

Reviewer: adding missing subject and verb to one phrase and slightly rewording "additional changes" part for clarity
```suggestion
If you currently use `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` with the preview of the new schema [released in versions 1.29.0](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/1.29.0/docs/resources/advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%25202.0.0%2529) **and you are not using deprecated attributes**, you would not be required to make any additional changes except removing the `MONGODB_ATLAS_PREVIEW_PROVIDER_V2_ADVANCED_CLUSTER=true` environment variable, which is no longer required.
```
